yeah
hello because I love flowers
I decided to give you a little check
yeah I do not see the report either
but you'll see it's very beautiful and that
worth a look at the deadline
look at the ingredients and which one we are
found in the kitchen
I start to prepare the cream at
butter for that I'm going elsewhere
prepared a syrup with sugar 8
centilitres of water and a few drops of
lemon juice
at the time the sugar syrup is formed there
it must come to a boil and
then it muddy for at least two
minutes during this time we're going
take care of the eight egg yolks and
two whole bones that we're going to whip at
robot jacquot carry sugar syrup
in net while the robot is in
road
it is now the turn of the butter
ointment to gradually integrate the
mixing with a robot still running
and here we get a very beautiful
Thursday kremlin aim at butter cream
in three and I color them each one
little idea is to get three
different oranges
I reserve each butter cream in
a different socket pocket
we prefer the Genoese pata and for that I
will work the soft butter to the robot
with sugar and vanilla sugar
I add the eggs one by one I will finally
add the flour mixture and water
I divide the dough into 6 finally it takes
since equal pensions will cook
the same time france where i'm going
now colored in orange so
progressive all my paws
I have my eight orange colors
different users to make a beautiful
degraded I cook them each 12
minutes at 180 degrees in our circles at
pastry
yeah I'm fine evenly dough in
the mold
Let's go
I now proceed to assemble the
cake so I'm going to stack the Genoese
from the most sensible to the clearest in
putting between the two a layer of
mascarpone simply club with a little
sugar
I use the rest of the frosting at
mascarpone for mas foot and fill the
small wheels on the side
Come on, I'm going to make little spikes
like that
you have to take about half of the
petal and hop we just crush on the
cake and walt gorgeous lovers
petals cake and I hope you will take
just as much pleasure to realize it
at you very quickly in this roulette